[emr-containers] adding new features to tutorial (#1520)
aws-controllers-k8s/community: docs/content/docs/tutorials/emr-on-eks-example.md

```
export SERVICE=emrcontainers
export RELEASE_VERSION=`curl -sL https://api.github.com/repos/aws-controllers-k8s/$SERVICE-controller/releases/latest | grep '"tag_name":' | cut -d'"' -f4`

> export ACK_K8S_NAMESPACE=ack-system

Reviewer: Any reason to rename this to `ACK_K8S_NAMESPACE`? i believe it is named the ACK system namespace elsewhere too..

Author: I tried to keep same name as mentioned in [IRSA](https://aws-controllers-k8s.github.io/community/docs/user-docs/irsa/#create-an-iam-role-for-your-ack-service-controller) setup. There seems to be regression issue bcoz both names are being used in tutorials

Reviewer: IMO It's the IRSA setup guide that should change. `ACK_SYSTEM_NAME` is what have been used previously (with CARM and other feature)

  --role-name ${ACK_JOB_EXECUTION_ROLE}
```
## Run a Sample Spark Job

> Befoe running sample job, let's create CloudWatch Logs and S3 bucket to store EMR on EKS logs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running a sample job, let's create CloudWatch Logs and an S3 bucket to store EMR on EKS logs
```

```
# delete all custom resources
kubectl delete -f virtualcluster.yaml
kubectl delete -f jobrun.yaml
# note: you cannot delete jobruns until virtualcluster its mapped to is deleted

# uninstall emrcontainers controller
helm delete ack-$SERVICE-controller -n $ACK_K8S_NAMESPACE

# delete namespace
kubectl delete ns $ACK_K8S_NAMESPACE
kubectl delete ns $EMR_NAMESPACE

# delete aws resources
aws logs delete-log-group --log-group-name=/emr-on-eks-logs/$EKS_CLUSTER_NAME
aws s3 rm s3://$EKS_CLUSTER_NAME-$RANDOM_ID1 --recursive
aws s3 rb s3://$EKS_CLUSTER_NAME-$RANDOM_ID1 

# delete EKS cluster
eksctl delete cluster --name "${EKS_CLUSTER_NAME}"
```
## Limitations

> * You cannot delete a JobRun unless its in **error** state. There is no delete-job-run API for deleting jobs (for good reason). However, if your JobRun goes into error state, you can run `kubectl delete jobrun/<job-run-name>` to cancel the job.

Reviewer: What are you planning to do with this? How does the controller reacts to JobRun deletions?

Author: emr-containers doesn't have delete jobrun api. I'm going to create separate issue but want to hear from customers first if this is an issue for them
